Heavenly Father, we come before your throne room today, through the blood of Jesus Christ. We come boldly and with confidence. For your Word says that when we confess our sins, you are faithful and forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Today, we are praying against the Spirit of lust, lust within our hearts, lust within our minds lust within our bodies, and the lust of the flesh. 

The Bible says, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life. So today, we're going to come against that Spirit of lust and all other sexual things that might be connected to it. So today, we're going to pray and renounce these things. 

Today we renounce all sexual sins that we have been involved in the past, including fornication, masturbation, pornography, perversion, fantasy, and adultery, In the name of Jesus Christ. We break all curses of adultery, perversion, fornication, lust, incest, rape, molestation, harlotry, and polygamy In the name of Jesus Christ. We command all spirits of lust perversion to come! Out of our stomach right now! to come out! Of our genitals, right now! to come out of our eyes, right now! to come out of our mind, our mouth, our hands in the name of Jesus Christ. 

We present our bodies to the Lord right now as a living sacrifice. According to Romans 12:1, Lord, we pray today that our members are the members of Christ, and we will not let them be the members of the harlot according to 1 Corinthians 6:15. The love we release the fire of God burns out or unclean lust from our lives in the name of Jesus Christ. We break ungodly soul ties with former lovers and sexual partners. In the name of Jesus Christ, we cast out all spirits of loneliness that would drive us to ungodly sexual relationships. In the name of Jesus Christ. We command all spirits of hereditary lust from our ancestors to also come out now in the name of Jesus Christ. 

We command all spirits of witchcraft that work with lust to relieve the Lord to leave now in the name of Jesus Christ. We take authority over our thoughts and bind all spirits of fantasy and lustful thinking in the name of Jesus Christ. We cast out all marriage-breaking Spirits of lust that would break covenants in the name of Jesus Christ. We cast out and loosen ourselves from any spiritual spouse and spirits of Incubus, Succubus in the name of Jesus Christ. We cast out all spirits of perversion, including the Moabite and the Ammonite spirits of lust right now in the name of Jesus Christ.

Lo, we receive the Spirit of holiness in our lives now to walk in sexual purity in the name of Jesus. According to Romans 1:4, Lord, we loosen ourselves from the Spirit of this world, the Spirit of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of blood, blood. We overcome the world through the power of the Holy Spirit. According to 1 John 2:16. Lord, we pray today that we are crucified with Christ and our members also, and we will not let the sin reign in our bodies. We will not disobey it with the lust according to Romans 6:6-12 week command right now that all those things, Lord that have been against us that have been against our lives that shall no longer come against us today in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ.

Oh, Father, we come boldly before your throne of grace, Lord, in a time that we need your help and strength, fill us with the power of your Holy Spirit. We submit ourselves time and our lives unto you for Your Word says that if we submit ourselves unto you, that we can resist the enemy, and he would flee from us, Lord, we are fully submitted to you all that we are and all that we ever hoped to be. 

Therefore, we surrender unto you, Father, for we are weak, but you are strong, and we know that in your weaknesses, we are made strong because your Word says that my strength is not in my will, but to withstand the devil and the many temptations but it is by faith, our strength and our hope is in you. Therefore, Lord, we confess it with our strength in you and in the power of your might right now, Father, in the name of Jesus, we cast out all imagination thoughts right now, in the name of our Lord Jesus!

Satan, every strong loan you have tried to bring against us is being rendered helpless, powerless, and ineffective to operate in our lives from today by the authority of our Lord Jesus Christ. We put off all forms of lust, the old nature, and adopt the new nature of righteousness, purity, and honesty, today! in the name of Jesus Christ! Satan, in our life, you are defeated today. And now you're under our feet, and the power of lust in sin is broken today. Father, we thank you for healing our prayers, hearing us today, and delivering us from the tricks of the enemy. 

We thank You for Your Word and how it is established in our hearts and in our lives. And we thank you for giving us the power over the enemy. I thank you for strengthening us so that we will not defile the body and that we will be the temple of the Holy Spirit. Thank you, Lord, for restoring us, cleansing us, and forgiving us from all our weaknesses. We praise you and give you all the glory right now! in the name of Jesus Christ. 

We thank You, Lord Jesus, that you would just come and fill us and touch us with the power of your Holy Spirit right now. Let the power of the Holy Spirit come and fill us and touch us and fill us a fresh fill those voids where every demonic Spirit is left. We think your Holy Spirit that through you and you alone, we cannot do anything. The Bible says unless the Spirit of God builds, we build in vain. We build our lives in vain without the help of the Holy Spirit. So Holy Spirit, come and fill us with your characteristics.

Fill us with your attributes fill us with the things that we never inherited, like your holiness, that we may live holy unto you in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus.